Add docs regarding istio patch (#1391)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/service-mesh/docs/100-istio-installation.md

---
title: Istio installation
type: Details
---

As a core component, Istio installs with every Kyma deployment by default. The installation consists of two steps:

1. Istio installs using the official, raw charts from the currently supported release. The charts that are currently 

> used are stored in the resources/istio directory. The installation is customized by enabling security in Istio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used are stored in the `resources/istio` directory. The installation is customized by enabling security in Istio.
```

    >**NOTE:** Every installation of Istio for Kyma must have security enabled.

> 2. A custom Istio Patch is applied to further customize the Istio installation. A Kubernetes job introduces these 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A custom Istio patch is applied to further customize the Istio installation. A Kubernetes job introduces these 
```

---
title: Istio installation
type: Details
---

Being a core component, Istio installs by default with every Kyma deployment. The installation consists of two steps:

1. Istio installs using the official, raw charts from the currently supported release. The charts that are currently 
used are stored in the resources/istio directory. The installation is customized by enabling security in Istio.
    >**NOTE:** Every installation of Istio for Kyma must have security enabled.

2. A custom Istio Patch is applied to further customize the Istio installation. A Kubernetes job introduces these 
changes:
  - A memory limit is set for every sidecar
  - Istio components use Zipkin in the `kyma-system` Namespace, instead of the default `istio-system`
  - A webhook is added to the Istio Pilot
  - A TLS certificate is created for the Ingress Gateway
  - All resources related to the `prometheus`, `tracing`, `grafana`, and `servicegraph`charts  are deleted

> During installation raw official charts from currently supported Istio release are installed on cluster. The only 

Reviewer: Remove lines 20-22 - the same information is contained in lines 8-10

customization done at this point of installation is enabling security in Istio. This is prerequisite to run Kyma and 
every Istio installation for Kyma needs to have security enabled.

> You can find more details about those changes in component `istio-kyma-patch`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the custom Istio patch applied in Kyma, see the `components/istio-kyma-patch/` directory. 
```

## Use an existing Istio installation with Kyma

You can use an existing installation of Istio running on Kubernetes with Kyma. The custom Istio patch is applied to such 
an installation.

>**NOTE:** You cannot skip applying the Istio patch in the Kyma installation process.

To allow such an implementation, you must install Kyma without Istio. To achieve this, modify the Installation custom 

> resource used to trigger the Kyma installer. Read the Installation document in the Custom Resource section of the Kyma 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource used to trigger the Kyma installer. Read the **Installation** CR document in the **Kyma** 
```

> resource used to trigger the Kyma installer. Read the Installation document in the Custom Resource section of the Kyma 

Reviewer: Installation custom 
resource used to trigger ->

 Installation custom 
resource (CR) used to trigger

---
title: Istio installation
type: Details
---

Istio is a foundation Kyma is built upon. It is required for almost every functionality Kyma provides and it needs to 
contain some changes in original charts in order to run Kyma.

## Installation

By default Istio is installed during Kyma installation. The process is split into two parts:
1. Installation of official istio charts. Charts are vendored within Kyma repository under `resources/istio`. 
2. Patch of Istio to make it suitable for Kyma. 

During installation raw official charts from currently supported Istio release are installed on cluster. The only 
customization done at this point of installation is enabling security in Istio. This is prerequisite to run Kyma and 
every Istio installation for Kyma needs to have security enabled.
 

> Second stage, patch is done by kubernetes job which introduces following changes into Istio:

Author: It's important part. Describes what changes are applied to istio so user is aware in which way we're messing with his Istio.

* Every sidecar have memory limits set
* Istio components uses Zipkin in `kyma-system` Namespace, instead of `istio-system`
* Webhook is added to pilot 
* TLS certificate for Ingress Gateway are created
* All resources from charts `prometheus`, `tracing`, `grafana` and `servicegraph` are deleted

You can find more details about those changes in component `istio-kyma-patch`.

## Using your own Istio

It is possible to install Kyma with Istio already installed. If you have running kubernetes with istio on it you can 
add Kyma to the cluster.

> >**NOTE:** Bear in mind, that patch will always be applied and will change existing Istio installation as described 

Author: Well "the rest" is the reason why we have this documentation? To describe how to get Kyma running with preinstalled istio.
